"Oh God, my mind is going a mile an hour." - Michael Scott
"The worst part about prison... was the dementors." - Michael Scott (As Prison Mike)
"Sometimes I'll start a sentence and don't even know where it's going. I just hope I find it along the way." - Michael Scott
"I talk a lot, so I've learned to just tune myself out." - Kelly Kapoor
"I am Beyoncé always." - Michael Scott
"Oh, it is on, like a prawn who yawns at dawn." - Andy Bernard
"MINI cupcakes? As in the mini version of regular cupcakes? Which is already a mini version of cake? Honestly, where does it end with you people?" - Kevin Malone
"I don't care what they say about me. I just want to eat." - Pam Beesly
"Would I rather be feared or loved? Easy. Both. I want people to be afraid of how much they love me." - Michael Scott
"Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing." - Dwight Schrute
"I'm not superstitious, but I am a little stitious." - Michael Scott
"I understand nothing." - Michael Scott
"I wish there was a way to know you're in the good old days... before you've actually left them." - Andy Bernard
"I knew exactly what to do. But in a much more real sense, I had no idea what to do." - Michael Scott
"Guess what, I have flaws. What are they? Oh I don't know. I sing in the shower. Sometimes I spend too much time volunteering. Occasionally I'll hit somebody with my car. So sue me." - Michael Scott
"No, I'm not going to tell them about the downsizing. If a patient has cancer, you don't tell them." - Michael Scott
"Do I need to be liked? Absolutely not. I like to be liked. I enjoy being liked. I have to be liked, but it's not like this compulsive need to be liked, like my need to be praised." - Michael Scott
"Well, it's love at first sight. Actually, it was... No, it was when I heard her voice. It was love at first see with my ears." - Michael Scott
"Who is Justice Beaver?" - Dwight Schrute
"I say dance, they say 'How high?'" - Michael Scott
"Fool me once, strike one. Fool me twice, strike three." - Michael Scott
"I love inside jokes. I'd love to be a part of one someday." - Michael Scott
"Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat." - Dwight Schrute
"Toby is in HR which technically means he works for corporate. So he's not really a part of our family. Also he's divorced... so he's not really a part of his family." - Michael Scott
"Friends joke with one another. 'Hey, you're poor.' 'Hey, your momma's dead.' That's what friends do." - Michael Scott
"I have been trying to get on jury duty every year since I was 18 years old. To get and go sit in an air-conditioned room, downtown, judging people, while my lunch was paid for. That is the life." - Stanley Hudson
"I have six roommates, which are better than friends because they have to give you one month's notice before they leave." - Toby Flenderson
"I've never been a kiss up. It's just not how I operate. I mean I've always subscribed to the idea that if you really want to impress your boss, you go in there and you do mediocre work, half-heartedly." - Jim Halpert
"I would not miss it for the world. But if something else came up I would definitely not go." - Michael Scott
"Presents are the best way to show someone how much you care. It's like this tangible thing that you can point to and say, ‘Hey, man, I love you this many dollars worth.’" - Michael Scott
"Society teaches us that having feelings and crying is bad and wrong. Well, that’s baloney, because grief isn’t wrong. There’s such a thing as good grief. Just ask Charlie Brown." - Michael Scott
"Webster's Dictionary defines wedding as: The fusing of two metals with a hot torch." - Michael Scott
"If you break that girl's heart, I will kill you. That's just a figure of speech. But seriously, if you break that girl's heart, I will literally kill you and your entire family." - Michael Scott
"My perfect Valentine's day? I'm at home, three cell phones in front of me, fielding desperate calls from people who want to buy one of the fifty restaurant reservations I made over six months ago." - Dwight Schrute
"Don't ever, for any reason, do anything for anyone, for any reason, ever, no matter what. No matter where. Or who, or who you are with, or where you are going or... or where you've been... ever. For any reason, whatsoever." - Michael Scott
"Abraham Lincoln once said that, 'If you're a racist, I will attack you with the North.' And those are the principles that I carry with me in the workplace." - Michael Scott
"They say that your wedding day goes by in such a flash that you're lucky if you even get a piece of your own cake. I say that's crazy. I say let them eat cake. Margaret Thatcher said that about marriage. Smart broad." - Michael Scott
"I’m an early bird and I’m a night owl. So I’m wise and I have worms." - Michael Scott
"I want today to be a beautiful memory that the staff and I share after I have passed on to New York. And if Toby is a part of it, then it'll suck." - Michael Scott
"Michael Scott's Dunder-Mifflin Scranton Meredith Palmer Memorial Celebrity Rabies Awareness Fun Run Race For The Cure, this is Pam." - Pam Beesly
"I got away with everything under the last boss and it wasn't good for me. So I want guidance. I want leadership. Lead me... when I'm in the mood to be led." - Ryan Howard
"Maybe we weren't right together, but, it's weird. I'd rather she be alone than with somebody. Is that love?" - Ryan Howard
"Well, well, well, how the turntables." - Michael Scott
"I feel God in this Chili's tonight." - Pam Beesly
"Yes, I have a dream, and it's not some MLK dream for equality. I want to own a decommissioned lighthouse. And I want to live at the top. And nobody knows I live there. And there's a button that I can press, and launch that lighthouse into space." - Stanley Hudson
"I have got to make sure that YouTube comes down to tape this." - Michael Scott
